Documentation: Change commands for GitLog-Parser to be the same as in its Readme (#3021)
MaibornWolff/codecharta: analysis/import/GitLogParser/README.md

# GitLogParser - Status: stable

Generates visualisation data from git repository logs and repository file list.

> This parser specializes in tracking file changes across different file-renaming on different feature-branches and then merged main.

Reviewer: Da fehlt irgendwie ein Wort oder?

> Furthermore, special care is taken to avoid showing un-existing files that might show up in standard histories due to renaming actions on feature branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, special care is taken not to display non-existent files that might show up in normal Git histories due to renaming actions on feature branches.
```
